we got a problem oh I'm sorry I can't
wear a man's cocaine around there's the
three of us friends for life you guys
think I'm like doing the right thing
marrying Tracy hey guys it's time to go
I've been sitting here a long time what
would you do if your best friend was
about to make the biggest mistake of his
life everybody makes mistake huh
sometimes these mistakes they're for
eternity stop the wedding I can't let
you do this I wanted to say this earlier
you know before your family got involved
and Jesus was here but but the point is
that she is not the one for him you said
it yourself I did not I did not say
hello drinkin I should be married and on
my honeymoon because of you and your
I am going to die here okay
where are you and went down the resort
to get ready back
I got carjacked man who's wearing my
grandfather's tux they took that too so
you got carjacked and then you got
tuxedo jacked I am naked in the middle
of Mexico you sure yes I'm sure
where is naked we got to go find it all
right we better now boys all we have to
do is go down to Mexico I'm out keep our
heads on a swivel and rescue Nardo
you're driving to Mexico right back no
extra stops not after this one are we
going
look they spelled wrong right no
are you taking my kidney ma'am don't
usually take it from the back
that's not doctors to it we just scoop
everything out until we find the kidney
throw it in a cooler and we are out of
here oh you can't do this key you can't
do this shut your fat face you dumb
dildo
Oh everything wrong yes nor no where are
you now I don't know everything's in
Mexican words something says
what
get cat get cos here good cos here get
cash here sorry